README.md, before:

# Challenge 09: Node.js Professional README Generator
  ![License badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT_License-blue)

  ## Description

  For this project, we were tasked with creating a README generator using the command-line using node. We were given some starter code. I had to create questions, install the inquirer package, grab the fs (file system) module, and create the README markdown file. Here was the User Story and Acceptance Criteria.

  ## Table of Contents

  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [Tests](#tests)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Questions](#questions)

  ## Installation

  Once this repo has been cloned to your local system and opened in VS Code, you will need to install the inquirer package. In your terminal, run `npm i inquirer@8.2.4` and it will install the necessary packages. Then still in your terminal, run `node index.js` to generate the questions and answer them.

  ## Usage

  To quickly and easily create a README for any project.

  ## Contributing

  N/A

  ## Tests

  N/A

  ## License
  MIT License

  ---

  ## Questions

  Any questions you may have, please feel free to reach out to me using either contact.<br>
  GitHub Profile: https://github.com/ashpfander<br>
  Email: ashmpfander@gmail.com

Commit message:

updated README to include user story and acceptance criteria

README.md, after:

# Challenge 09: Node.js Professional README Generator
  ![License badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT_License-blue)

  ## Description

  For this project, we were tasked with creating a README generator using the command-line using node. We were given some starter code. I had to create questions, install the inquirer package, grab the fs (file system) module, and create the README markdown file. Here was the User Story and Acceptance Criteria.

  ## User Story

  ```md
  AS A developer
  I WANT a README generator
  SO THAT I can quickly create a professional README for a new project
  ```

  ## Acceptance Criteria

  ```md
  GIVEN a command-line application that accepts user input
  WHEN I am prompted for information about my application repository
  THEN a high-quality, professional README.md is generated with the title of my project and sections entitled Description, Table of Contents, Installation, Usage, License, Contributing, Tests, and Questions
  WHEN I enter my project title
  THEN this is displayed as the title of the README
  WHEN I enter a description, installation instructions, usage information, contribution guidelines, and test instructions
  THEN this information is added to the sections of the README entitled Description, Installation, Usage, Contributing, and Tests
  WHEN I choose a license for my application from a list of options
  THEN a badge for that license is added near the top of the README and a notice is added to the section of the README entitled License that explains which license the application is covered under
  WHEN I enter my GitHub username
  THEN this is added to the section of the README entitled Questions, with a link to my GitHub profile
  WHEN I enter my email address
  THEN this is added to the section of the README entitled Questions, with instructions on how to reach me with additional questions
  WHEN I click on the links in the Table of Contents
  THEN I am taken to the corresponding section of the README
  ```

  ## Table of Contents

  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [Tests](#tests)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Questions](#questions)

  ## Installation

  Once this repo has been cloned to your local system and opened in VS Code, you will need to install the inquirer package. In your terminal, run `npm i inquirer@8.2.4` and it will install the necessary packages. Then still in your terminal, run `node index.js` to generate the questions and answer them.

  ## Usage

  To quickly and easily create a README for any project.

  ## Contributing

  N/A

  ## Tests

  N/A

  ## License
  MIT License

  ---

  ## Questions

  Any questions you may have, please feel free to reach out to me using either contact.<br>
  GitHub Profile: https://github.com/ashpfander<br>
  Email: ashmpfander@gmail.com
